DOC Adding subresource integrity notes to JavaScript includes (#773)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/01_Templates/03_Requirements.md

Requirements::javascript('<my-module-dir>/javascript/jquery.js');
```

#### JavaScript options

> You can also use the second argument to add the 'async' and/or 'defer attributes to the script tag generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the second argument to add the 'async' and/or 'defer attributes to the script tag generated:
```
It doesn't really work to have "also" in the first sentence of the section

);
```

> You can also add security attributes 'integrity' and `crossorigin` to the generated script tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add `integrity` and `crossorigin` to the generated script tag. Those can be useful for [subresource integrity checks](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) and [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Attributes/crossorigin).

Adding these should be standard practice for all JavaScript which is being pulled from CDNs or third-party providers.
```
Pulling in your context from the issue

Reviewer 2: ..useful ~to~ for..

Reviewer: Good spot, thank you. I've updated the suggestion.
